Document automatically submitting app updates (#258)
flathub-infra/documentation: docs/02-for-app-authors/11-external-data-checker.md

# External Data Checker

The [Flatpak External Data Checker](https://github.com/flathub/flatpak-external-data-checker) is a tool that can be used to check for updates to external data sources. It is designed to be used in conjunction with the [Flathub](https://flathub.org) build system, but can be used with any Flatpak repository.

> Check the project's README for addition information not covered here.

Author: ```suggestion
Check the project's README above for additional information not covered here.
```

> ## Configuration

Reviewer: The custom x-checker workflow thing should be mentioned. Right now flathub's default set up only allows checking the master branch of the repo.

If it has multiple branches like baseapps or extensions or even applications with a beta and master branch - the way to run x-checker is to add a custom worflow and disable flathub's one.

Author: The contents here were copied over from `02-for-app-authors/06-maintenance.md` largely as is (with just some capitalization and grammar tweaks). I'm fine to add more detail, but that could probably be a follow-up since this is just content that was moved here.

Reviewer: ok sure

If you are using the Flathub infrastructure (i.e. your app's manifest is in a repo on the Flathub org), External Data Checker will be run every hour for you and will create merge requests if there are newer versions of external data found, depending on your configuration.

### Only create updates for important modules

You can configure External Data Checker to only create updates for modules that are marked as important. This is done by creating a `flathub.json` file with the following contents:

```json title="flathub.json"
{
  "require-important-update": true
}
```

This also needs your module config to have `is-important: true` set.

### Automatically merge PRs

> You can configure External Data Checker to automatically merge PRs. This is done by creating a `flathub.json` file in the root of your manifest's repo with the following contents:

Reviewer: You might want to put a warning/note here, because people use this and accidentally push broken updates. We recommend against using this generally.

Author: ```suggestion
:::danger
Automatically merging PRs ensures each update _builds_, but does not guarantee the app will launch or run correctly. We highly recommend human-testing each PR before merging it.
:::

You can configure External Data Checker to automatically merge PRs. This is done by creating a `flathub.json` file in the root of your manifest's repo with the following contents:
```
